README.md, before:

# upshot

Upshot is a Max package comprised of audio effects, event generators, trackers, instruments and many other tools/utilities. Upshot was originally created to open up the Ultomaton platform (https://github.com/benjaminvanesser/ultomaton) and create a more flexible environment for building generative patches. 

installation

---> move the ‘UpShot’ folder to Documents/Max8/Packages


contents

- audio effects

us.autotune
us.bitcrusher
us.compressor
us.delay
us.distortion
us.dynamicstutter
us.easyverb
us.echo
us.endlessreverb
us.filter
us.freeze
us.gate
us.glitch
us.glitchchorus
us.granulator
us.kitt
us.limiter
us.looper
us.phaser
us.pingpong
us.pitchshifter
us.reverb
us.reversedelay
us.reversestretch
us.ringmodulator
us.shortstretch
us.stutter
us.waveshapedistortion

- generators

us.autocontrol
us.bursts
us.cues
us.envelope
us.gameoflife
us.nodes
us.phaselope
us.repeat
us.snake
us.wavelope

- instruments

us.artefacts
us.clicker
us.monosynth
us.peacefulpiano
us.polysynth
us.sampler
us.slicer

- midi

us.chords
us.hold
us.launchpadcontrol
us.many2one
us.mapping
us.midi-in
us.midi-out
us.midifileplayer
us.midifootswitch
us.quantizer
us.scalequantizer
us.transport
us.velocityreplacer

- misc

us.1bitprobability
us.7bitprobability
us.alpha
us.audiofileplayer
us.compare
us.git
us.metronome
us.musicaltyping
us.noise
us.playlist
us.rain
us.record
us.scale
us.smooth
us.speakertest
us.texttospeech (MacOS only)
us.touchoscaccelerometer
us.truerandom
us.udp
us.uselessbutton

- routing

us.16chanpanner
us.2chanpanner
us.4chanpanner
us.8chanmonomixer
us.8chanpanner
us.8chanstereomixer
us.input
us.output
us.record

- sequencers

us.beams
us.collatz
us.collide
us.divisions
us.easyarp
us.patterns
us.stepsequencer

- snippets

us.preset

- tracking

us.amplitudefollower
us.attackdetection
us.blobtracking (requires cv.jit package)
us.colortracking
us.draw
us.imagetomidi
us.pitchdetection
us.trackpadxy


hints

hovering the cursor over the title of the modules reveals more information.
use us.preset.maxsnip to save and recall presets.


Happy patching!


---Benjamin Van Esser 20200416---

Commit message:

20200717 update
added us.fauxstereo, removed us.git, bugfixes

README.md, after:

# upshot

Upshot is a Max package comprised of audio effects, event generators, trackers, instruments and many other tools/utilities. Upshot was originally created to open up the Ultomaton platform (https://github.com/benjaminvanesser/ultomaton) and create a more flexible environment for building generative patches. 

installation

---> move the ‘UpShot’ folder to Documents/Max8/Packages


contents

- audio effects

us.autotune
us.bitcrusher
us.compressor
us.delay
us.distortion
us.dynamicstutter
us.easyverb
us.echo
us.endlessreverb
us.fauxstereo
us.filter
us.freeze
us.gate
us.glitch
us.glitchchorus
us.granulator
us.kitt
us.limiter
us.looper
us.phaser
us.pingpong
us.pitchshifter
us.reverb
us.reversedelay
us.reversestretch
us.ringmodulator
us.shortstretch
us.stutter
us.waveshapedistortion

- generators

us.autocontrol
us.bursts
us.cues
us.envelope
us.gameoflife
us.nodes
us.phaselope
us.repeat
us.snake
us.wavelope

- instruments

us.artefacts
us.clicker
us.monosynth
us.peacefulpiano
us.polysynth
us.sampler
us.slicer

- midi

us.chords
us.hold
us.launchpadcontrol
us.many2one
us.mapping
us.midi-in
us.midi-out
us.midifileplayer
us.midifootswitch
us.quantizer
us.scalequantizer
us.transport
us.velocityreplacer

- misc

us.1bitprobability
us.7bitprobability
us.alpha
us.audiofileplayer
us.compare
us.metronome
us.musicaltyping
us.noise
us.playlist
us.rain
us.record
us.scale
us.smooth
us.speakertest
us.texttospeech (MacOS only)
us.touchoscaccelerometer
us.truerandom
us.udp
us.uselessbutton

- routing

us.16chanpanner
us.2chanpanner
us.4chanpanner
us.8chanmonomixer
us.8chanpanner
us.8chanstereomixer
us.input
us.output
us.record

- sequencers

us.beams
us.collatz
us.collide
us.divisions
us.easyarp
us.patterns
us.stepsequencer

- snippets

us.preset

- tracking

us.amplitudefollower
us.attackdetection
us.blobtracking (requires cv.jit package)
us.colortracking
us.draw
us.imagetomidi
us.pitchdetection
us.trackpadxy


notes

- all inlets and outlets ranging from 0 to 127 take/produce floats

- hovering the cursor over the title of the modules reveals more information.

- use us.preset.maxsnip to save and recall presets.


Happy patching!


---Benjamin Van Esser 20200417---
